Jr would like to welcome you to the
television batters your first time isn't
it it is yes are you excited it's very
exciting
yeah especially when you've watched them
a lot at home in your cat in your front
room it's very exciting to be here yeah
it's been a big year for EastEnders this
year yes he was celebrating all that's
good and great at the TV at the bathroom
what do you say he's been a highlight
for you on EastEnders at the last part
well I think I think the bipolar
storyline that Stacy and I have shared
has been it's been a wonderful journey
for me and Lacey as access to share
together because it's quite a personal
journey fit for you in terms of your
research and how you perform the part
and then to share that with somebody who
is playing your daughter has also then
starting to go through that process and
there's a sort of umbilical cord I
suppose between us that has been very
special that's been has got stronger
this year and I think yeah you have got
a special bond together how are you
gonna cope when she leaves well we're
both going so we're both on two
different things so we've had a
privilege been privileged to work with
her so feel very lucky you know
now obviously tonight EastEnders is
nominated for continuing drama so will
you be getting up to make the speech
should you win then for actors because
you know you put on a persona you you
know you research you play accounts far
more terrifying than acting I could
stand on the stage and punch of hundreds
and hundreds of people this don't worry
you don't have to do much as enjoy the
night yeah and good luck thank you very
much
you